So I say to you, my friends, that even though we must face the
difficulties of today and tomorrow, I still have a dream. It is
a dream deeply rooted in the American dream that one day this
nation will rise up and live out the true meaning of its creed:
we hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are
created equal.
I have a dream that one day, on the red hills of Georgia, sons
of former slaves, and sons of former slave-owners will be able
to sit down together at the table of brotherhood. 
I have a dream that one day, even the state of Mississippi, a
state sweltering with the heat of injustice, sweltering with the
heat of oppression, will be transformed into an oasis of freedom
and justice.
I have a dream that my four children will one day live in a
nation where they will not be juged by the color of their skin
but by content of their character.
I have a dream today!
I have a dream that one day, down in Alabama, with its vicious
racists, with its governor having his lips dripping with the
words of interposition and nullification, that one day, right 
there in Alabama, little black boys and black girls will be able
to join hands with little white boys and white girls as sisters
and brothers. I have a dream today!
I have a dream that one day every valley shall be exalted, every
hill and mountain shall be made low, the rough places shall be
made plain, and the crooked places shall be made straight and the
glory of the Lord will be revealed and all flesh shall seet it
together.
This is our hope. This is the faith that I go back to the South
with.
With this faith, we will be able to hear out of the mountain of
despair a stone of hope. With this faith we will be able to
transform the jangling discords of our nation into a beautiful
symphony of brotherhood.
With this faith, we will be able to work together, knowing that
we will be free one day. This will be the day when all of God's
children will be able to sing with new meaning - "My country 
'this of thee; sweet land of liberty; of thee I sing; land where
my fathers died, land of the pilgrim's pride; from every mountain
side, let freedom ring" - and if America is to be a great nation,
this must become true.
So let freedom ring from the prodigious hilltops of New Hampshire.
Let freedom ring from the mighty mountains of New York.
Let freedom ring from the heightening Alleghenies of Pennsylvania.
Let freedom ring from the snow-capped Rockies of Colorado.
Let freedom ring from the curvaceous slopes of California.
But not only that.
Let freedom ring from Stone Mountain of Georgia.
Let freedom ring from Lookout Mountain of Tennesse.
Let freedom ring from every hill and molehill of Mississippi, from
every mountainside, let freedom ring.
And when we allow freedom to ring, when we let it ring from every
village and hamlet, from every state and city, we will be able
to speed up that day when all of God's children - black men and
white men, Jews and Gentiles, Catholics and Protestants - will be
able to join hands and to sing the words of the old Negro Spiritual;
"Free at last, free at last; thank God Almighty, we are free at last".  
-- Martin Luther King Jr. -- 
Washington,August 28th 1963.
